hello youtube friends are trek and I come
to make a video loquendo with my friends
and ona cat with boots' and donkey this video
it's about curiosities of the movie
is to prepare a good now they are going to
present my friends hello friends of
youtube I am fiona and I come to help
continue with your video loquendo I am the
cat with boots' and I come to help them
I challenge your video loquendo and finally the
better I am a donkey and I come to help
be with his video loquendo good already
they presented all my friends I will begin
with this video once
curiosities the scene in which the
Princess Fiona defends herself from the
strange musketeers of the forest
standing in the middle of two jumping
managing time and kicking
simultaneously while the shot rotates
his around is inspired by the
matrix
number 2 mike myers cameron diaz eddie
murphy never got together everyone recorded
their section separately and then they were
edited number three the title seems
that comes from the word stretch that
it means fear in German but also
it is rumored that I could refer
to the last name of the actor who played
nosferatu max stream
number 4 and max has invested 10 million
of dollars to adapt the movie to 3d
imax number 5 ensures that the
character of the wicked lord farquaad
has the features of michael eisner
manager of the disney rival company of
dreamworks number 6 in the version in
Spanish that came to Mexico all the
libretto was adapted by the comedian
eugenio derbez who also plays
donkey that's why it's very different if
we compare with the other versions
number 7 when the movie premiered
in Mexico old Adamson director is
went to the movies to see the adaptation where
confirmed that although he did not understand
for being in Spanish he could see that the
People laughed much more than in the US
thanks to adaptation number 8 the
castle of lorca when it is a parody
of amusement parks disney
number 9 the most difficult thing is the animation
facial admits that cool in seeing
producer that in 7 to 10 times better than
launched raul and gas produced three years ago
years
number 10 is the first film of
digital animation starring
humans number 11 the creatives of the
blackboard dreamworks have perfected the
digital faces giving them a
emotional dimension that they lacked
so far and number 12 in Yiddish
international Jewish language sek means
terrible terrible ready we finished good
friends here ends the first soon
I will do the second part that will be
good news goodbye
friends says goodbye is perfume 077 goodbye
friends of youtube goodbye friends of
youtube they go cat with boots'
goodbye friends of youtube goes hard on
best
s